fix(android): Prevent breadcrumb loss from numeric timestamp ClassCastException (#6308)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- Record XHR request/response headers and (optionally) bodies in Mobile Session Replay. Opt in via `mobileReplayIntegration` with `networkDetailAllowUrls` to capture headers; set `networkCaptureBodies: true` to also capture bodies. Other options: `networkDetailDenyUrls`, `networkRequestHeaders`, `networkResponseHeaders`. Authorization-like headers are always stripped, bodies are capped at ~150 KB. Covers XHR-based clients like `axios`; fetch will follow. See [Network Details](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/session-replay/#network-details) for details. ([#6288](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6288))
- Warn during dev builds when multiple versions of Sentry JS SDK are detected ([#6269](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6269))

### Fixes

> - Fix Android `ClassCastException` when syncing breadcrumbs with a numeric timestamp to the native scope ([#6306](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6306))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix Android `ClassCastException` when syncing breadcrumbs with a numeric timestamp to the native scope ([#6308](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6308))
```
